# Maze

- Maze should be a square with horizontal and vertical walls only
- Distance between walls, int other words the width of free paths should be 
controllable with a tightness parameter
- Maze starts at a square empty center at the region, our hypotetical
robot will start at this place and try to solve the Maze
- Maze may or may not contain some colored ball which will grant the 
robot points if it passes over and collects them, these balls can only 
be collected once

Coding assignment is split into two parts

Part I:

1- Push of a button will generate a random maze with no balls. A box (in gui), 
by default containing the value 1 (maximum value can be limited to 5), 
will determine the number of exits from the maze. The generated maze 
can be saved as PNG or JPG, as well as PNG and JPG mazed can also be 
loaded. Our generated mazes will be given to other groups with their own
code and also their mazes generated with their code will be given to us.

2- One part of your GUI should enable the user to select one of the 
following search methods: [Breadth First, Depth First, Uniform Cost, 
Best First (i.e. Greedy), A*] 

3- There should also be a checkbox that is by default NOT selected. 
This checkbox will enable bidirectional search using the search method 
selected from the menu given in step 2.

4- Once maze is generated and search method along with all options set, 
pressing a button will execute a search process. The resulting path from 
center to one of the exists will be drawn with a purple pen on the maze. 
All intermediate steps should also be drawn with a yellow pen as well.

Uninformed search methods should work fine with just an image input, 
however I am confused how will informed methods suppose to work. Is a prioer
uninformed search required to execute informed methods, let's discuss.

Part II:

1- Push of a button will generate a random maze with N balls having one 
of the preset colors (RED = [255, 0, 0], GREEN = [0, 255, 0], BLUE= [0, 0, 255] 
will be randomly placed on the maze, in the middle of maze hallways. 
N is a random number between [Nmin - Nmaz] where these 2 values can 
be set on your GUI. Another box, by defaulting to the value 1 (maximum 
value can be limited to 5), determines the number of exits from the maze. 
The generated maze can be saved as PNG or JPG, as well as PNG and JPG mazed 
can also be loaded. Our generated mazes will be given to other groups with their own
code and also their mazes generated with their code will be given to us.

2- There should be 3 boxes that correspond to the bonus values that belong t
o RGB colors, where they should default to R = 1, G = 2, B = 3.

3- There should also be a text box, in which by default 'inf' is written. Here 
'inf' implies infinite, alternatively, you will enter some positive numbers 
into this box which will limit the length of solution.

4- Once maze is generated and search method along with all options set, 
pressing a button will execute a search process by calling a single function 
prototyped as follows:

def searchLikeThereIsNoTomorrow(MazeImage, RGBValues = [1,2,3], SolutionLength = 'inf'):
    # Your Implementation here
    return ResImage, SolutionList, VisitedList

As seen, the function will get the image as a numpy array, or path to an image file, 
bonus values for RGB colors, and solution length. Note that as explained below, 
solution length is pixel-wise length of the solution path encoded in SolutionList.

ResImage should overlay the solution path from center to one of the exists that 
is drawn with a purple pen on the maze image. Intermediate steps should be drawn 
with a yellow pen as well. SolutionList is a list containing sorted pixel 
coordinates on the image such as [ [x0, y0], [x1, y1], ... [xn, yn]] where 
the path from point 0 to point n is your proposed solution. Pixel-wise 
neighbourhood is not expected in this list, all it takes is that a straight 
line from one point to the next in the list does not hit a wall. 

VisitedList similarly is the list of all visited pixels on the maze yet, points 
in this list does not necessarily have to be consecutive given that nature of 
visited nodes is not a single path. 

Note that this list may be way shorter than the length of the actual solution path. 
Length of the solution path can be calculated using 8-neighbors, or using the sum of 
euclidian distances between consecutive points in the SolutionList.

If solution length is 'inf' your function returns a solution with maximum points 
among possible feasible solutions.

If solution length is limited, then your function returns the solution with 
maximum points that is equal to or shorter than given path length. 

Algorithm to be used is your choice, i.e. one of [Breadth First, Depth First, 
Uniform Cost, Best First (i.e. Greedy), A*] that might be combined with bidirectional search if needed.

Let's also discuss what methods to use for this function, or a combination of methods. This function should 
be as fast possible, while providing completely accurate results.

Let's start discussing part 1, we will discuss part 2 later. No need to write code for now, but you can provide
little example snippets if you want to. 